hello Internet today I want to quickly
show you how to fix or replace your
child's seat belt cover thing the ISOFIX
is a fixed cover thing where you attach
your baby seat into the back seat area
as you can see mine online here the
cover is missing well originally it was
there as you can see but it's a broken
one of the tabs broken the reason being
is not because I have a baby seat that I
need to use a lot but one day I was
cleaning the car bit too
enthusiastically and then I just
accidentally stabbed it into this cover
and then it broke the pin off while I
was trying to pull it out it was like
stuck inside so when I try to finger out
it just broke off because the tap is
absolutely miniscule as you can probably
see here that one's bent almost coming
off that one's completely come off
originally I thought I might have to let
replace the whole back seat but luckily
I went to did some research on the
internet and you can get replacement
covers which is here I've got this one
here numbers five two two zero six nine
seven zero seven four
but unfortunately this cover costs like
14 pounds for a single one which is
extremely expensive but it's better than
replacing the entire back seat yeah so
what you have to do is as you can see
this one's fine so I won't break these
ones but that's all gone that we need to
get out now all you have to do is just
shove your finger in it hopefully can
see it and like you'll feel it on both
sides
I got a camera inside here like on both
sides they just lift your finger in it
and it just comes straight out it's
actually pretty easy so luckily it's not
too difficult to get out so it's fully
if I get so if you look at it from the
front it's like that you just put your
finger in and lift out which is like
these two tabs here the back so just
pull a comes out pretty easily so that's
the broken one there's the broken cover
there's the spring the halls all
together that's gone so one little
simple mistake means I have to get
replacement and here it is 14 pounds
just for this piece of plastic which is
an absolute ripoff I say but you know
can't just leave it can't just leave it
looking like that can I just looks
ridiculous but yeah 15 pounds for a
cover so all you need to do is let me
just settle down the camera Oh bleep
put this in there
clip that done
that was an easy fix herb yeah but oh so
expensive 14 pounds but yeah if you do
break yours luckily they are replaceable
so if you like things to be perfect but
yeah that's it really not much to it but
yeah I'll put the parts of the Madonna
in the description and you can see
yourself in the camera hello yeah I'll
put the part number in the description
below and yeah hope that was helpful
that was a dead easy fix and I'll see
you guys next time
hello ladies and gentlemen thank you
very much for watching my video
hopefully it was helpful as it took a
lot of effort to shoot wisely noted
because I only took like three minutes
as it was a dead easy fixer but
nonetheless hopefully it was helpful and
if you do want more information all the
part numbers and everything you can find
more information on my website which
I'll have a link in the description
below and as always thank you very much
for watching and I'll see you guys next
time